Add more LSP6 Specification for permission overlaping (#192)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-6-KeyManager.md

BitArray representation: `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000010000`

- Allows creating a contract with [CREATE] and [CREATE2] operations from the target contract through [`execute(..)`](./LSP-0-ERC725Account.md#execute) function of the target. 

> Sending value while creating the contract will require an additional permission: `SUPER_TRANSFERVALUE` permission.

Reviewer: I am suggesting this rephrasing.

```suggestion
The permission `SUPER_TRANSFERVALUE` is REQUIRED to fund the contract with some native tokens while deploying it.
```

We can also put the word "REQUIRED" in capital as it is a synonym

<img width="847" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31145285/225964442-d3c32177-aa51-4777-97f6-e4c66c1cca83.png">
